<head>
    <title>FAQS</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="faqCustom.css">
</head>

<body>
    <h1>Frequently Asked Questions</h1>
    <h3>Find out more about Silence The Echo and the work we do.</h3>
    <br>
    <p class="Question">
        Q: After my request is submitted, how long will it take to generate an Echo Chamber Report?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
        A: Your request should be complete within 24 hours.
    </p>
    <p class="Question">
        Q:  How will I know when my report is complete?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
       A: You will receive a notification via email or SMS text with a link to your Echo Chamber Report.
    </p>
    <p class="Question">
       Q: Is my data secure?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
        A: Yes!  We don't keep any data from your social media account--once we've notified you that your
            Echo Chamber Report is ready, within 48 hours we permanently delete all your social media information.
    </p>
    <p class="Question">
         Q: What happens if I do not access my report within 48 hours?
   </p>
    <p class="Answer">
        A: You'll need to resubmit your request--we don't keep your info, so we'll have to re-generate the report.
   </p>
    <p class="Question">
       Q: What if I disagree with the score or rating of a media content provider?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
            A: We're always open to differences of opinion!  Let us know how you feel on the "Contact Us" page, and we'll take another look.
   </p>
    <p class="Question">
        Q:  How do you decide what scores to give to media sources?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
        A:  We contract out fact-checking repsonsibilities, sourcing the scores on accuracy from the leading providers of fact-checking in the United States and abroad.  Their results are audited monthly using data analysis cross-verification techniques, so that you can feel confident in trusting sources that we recommend.  For judgments on political bias, we employ an impartial panel of media arbiters who have been trained by the Global Impartiality Institute (GII) to spot even subtle evidence of political bias.
    </p>
    <p class="Question">
        Q:  Where do you get your funding?  Are you in the pay of some of these media organizations you're passing judgment on?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
        A:  We receive no funding of any kind from any media source.  Registration for our services is completely free of charge.  We do not sell information about our users, and we do not take donations.  Our considerable expenses are paid for from the income generated by the sale of a discovery of Viking gold, found in 1952 by potato farmer Hermann Glotwing.  Mr. Glotwing died without heirs and left his fortune to Silence The Echo.
    </p>
    <p class="Question">
        Q:  Can I talk about religion and politics at the dinner table now, as long as I'm quoting media sources that have been cleared by Silence The Echo?
    </p>
    <p class="Answer">
       A:  No.  While we're flattered by positive references to our services, religion and politics are still in the same category as "Do you really think you should have that second helping?"  Best to fall back to "How about them Yankees?"
    </p>
    
    <p>
        <a href="https://silencetheecho.github.io/SilenceTheEcho">Home</a>
    </p>
        
    <p>
        <a href="login.html">Log in or Register</a>
    </p>
        
   <p>
        <a href="search.html">See it in action</a>
    </p>
   <p>
        <a href="security.html">Security and Privacy Standards</a>
    </p>

</body>
